>> Lukas: So what we wanna do is create
a presentational widgets-list and
widgets-detail component using inputs and
outputs.
So on our widgets-list, we wanna pass in,
essentially, the widgets.
And we also wanna capture
a selected event.
And then, in our widget-detail component,
display the selected widget,
and then we also want to fire up a delete,
save, and cancel output.
Now these don't actually have to
do anything other than just log
to the console in the browser.
So we simply wanna capture the event and
fire the output, and then
our parent component, maybe just log it
out, and then we'll wire it up from there.
And feel free, in terms of template,
if you need to borrow anything from
the items component, go ahead.
What I would do is when you display
the selected widget, just do a JSON dump
as we're doing, because in the next
lesson we're gonna talk about forms.
All right, for the challenge,
the idea is to take
our existing widgets work
that we have done, in kind
of an over-aching widgets component and
start to break it out into sub components.
So to create a widgets-list component and
a widgets-detail component, or a widget,
singular, component, and we want to
wire these up using input and output.
So for
the list we wanna pass in the widgets.
And then we wanna capture a selected event
or, output, and then we wanna pass or
handle that and then pass in the selected
widget into the widget-details component.
And then we're just going to stub out some
additional outputs that we'll hook up
in the next module.